let us implement this function
Find first and last of Occurrence which takes an array
arr its size and an integer n as
parameters it returns a vector that will contain the first
of occurrence and last occurrence of integer and in the array
let us declare an integer vector to store the result then
declared variable
Start end mid first pos and last pos
First let us add the code for adding the first
occurrences of n we are going to make use of
the binary search code here and make the necessary changes
to it
When we find out integer n in the array that is
when array of mid is equal to n we should
not stop there we have to see if the same
integer n is present before the current index
So let a store mid to first pos point end
to mid minus one and continue the iteration
Thus when this condition start less than end breaks the
variable first pos will hold the index of First of
Occurrence of integer end in the array So let us added to
the vector res Now for fighting out the
last occurrence again take the binary search code Whenever we
find an integer and in the Array store the index in
last pos and continue the search by pointing start to
mid plus one to check if integer n is
present anywhere after the current index
In the end when the control comes out of the
while loop the variable last pos will hold the index
of last occurrence of integer end in the array so
added to the vector res
and finally returned the vector from the function.